=head1 NAME

Dresden::Convert::TWiki - A module for converting foreign wiki syntax into into TWiki syntax.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use Dresden::Convert::TWiki;
 my $convert = new Dresden::Convert::TWiki (vqwiki => $text);
 print $convert->twiki;

 # or
 my $convert = new Dresden::Convert::TWiki;
 $convert->vqwiki ($text);
 print $convert->twiki;

=head1 AUTHOR

Steffen Schwigon <schwigon@cpan.org>

=head1 LICENSE

  Copyright (c) 2005. Steffen Schwigon
  All rights reserved.  You can redistribute and/or modify
  this bundle under the same terms as Perl itself.


=head1 Description of VQWiki syntax

Cut'n'pasted from a vqwiki page:

=head2 Italic

Double apostrophes (not double quotes).

    	For example: ''Text''

=head2 Bold

Triple Apostrophes.
For example:

 '''Text'''


=head2 Bold Italic

Triple + Double Apostrophes (5 apostrophes each side).
For example:

 '''''Text'''''

=head2 Code

Three braces each side.
For example:

 {{{Text}}}

=head2 Underline

Triple equal sign.
For example:

 ===Text===

=head2 Center

Double colons.
For example:

 ::Text::

=head2 Headlines

Very important text / Headline level 1.
Start with three exclamation marks !!!; end with !!! or line break.

Important text / Headline level 2.
Start with two exclamation marks !!; end with !! or line break.

Noticeable text / Headline level 3.
Start with one exclamation mark !; end with ! or line break.

=head2 Lists

Bulleted List.

 3 spaces followed by a *

Numbered List.

 3 spaces followed by a #

Line Break.

 @@

=head2 Horizontal Rules

Use four consecutive dashes, i.e.

 ----

=head2 Links or references

Camel-cased word

 ThisIsANewTopic

Word surrounded by back-ticks

 `Topic`

=head2 Tables

Start a table with four hashes by themselves.
End each cell (including the last one on each row) with two hashes.
End the table with four hashes by themselves again.

  ####
  0,0##0,1##
  1,0##1,1##
  ####

=head2 Preformatted text

Start a section of pre-formatted text with four '@'s by themselves.
End with a blank line.

  Some text
  @@@@
  Preformatted text
  
  Back to normal text

=head2 Plain HTML (output as entered)

Surround code as follows:

 [<html>] <!--some html--> [</html>]

=head2 Java source code

Surround code as follows:

 [<java>] mycode(); [</java>]

